# Crypto_Trader
An Automated Machine-Learning Based Cryptocurrency Trader for the GDAX Exchange

The goal of the project is to create an open sourced, machine learning based cryptocurrency portfolio optimizer including as many relevant variables as possible. These will include community sentiments (such as forum and twitter sentiment analysis), analyst opinions (notable twitter account/analyst feeds with a history of winning strategies - ex. "Haejin" a successful elliot wave trader with an established history), global market indexes, open/close/high/low/volume, live orderbook data (spread, bid, ask, order size), technical indicators (MACD's, MA's, etc), and other variables found to be relevant. 

A "Boruta" analysis (variation of Random forest) will be used to reduce these input variables by removing "unimportant" features. Using this input dataset, a machine learning binary classifier will be created to assign trading pair on Poloniex a confidence score from 0 to 1 that will measure the likelihood that it will increase over a certain timeframe. Multiple machines may be constructed to score over a 5 minute window, 10 minute, 15 minute, 30 minute, 1 hour, etc. 

Using these scores, a Q-Learning ("reinforcement learning" bot will be created that will optimize a trading strategy based on the output scores. The machine will read the amount of capital in the user Poloniex Account, and automatically place trades to optimize the portfolios holdings. Because it is q learning based, the machine will receive and use live data to make decisions in a live auto-updating context. This will also allow the machine to continue to train and optimize itself over time by simply feeding it live data. 

Ultimately, the program will have the ability to be run 24 hours a day while optimizing a portfolio using live data, while taking into account fees in order to identify and take advantage of all trading opportunities accross the entire cryptocurrency market on Poloniex. Because of the decimal based system of cryptocurrencies, in theory a portfolio of any size should be able to be used as long as the user has the minimum trade size on Poloniex.
